DOC Fix step 5 under "Contributing Code" to include build tools installation (#18417)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/developers/contributing.rst

       $ pip install --no-build-isolation --editable .

>    If you receive errors in building scikit-learn, follow steps 2-5 in the

Reviewer: I'd rather not mention the section number becasue these may change and they'd become out of sync

```suggestion
   If you receive errors in building scikit-learn, see the
```

Author: Thanks for the suggestion @NicolasHug !  LGTM!
